add release notes and doc for smart-joining views (#191)
arangodb/docs: 3.6/release-notes-new-features36.md

ArangoDB 3.6. ArangoDB 3.6 also contains several bug fixes that are not listed
here.

AQL
---

### SmartJoins for Views

In AQL queries views are now considered for SmartJoins. All rules for

> collections apply unchanged. A view to qualifies for a SmartJoin when the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
collections apply unchanged. A view qualifies for a SmartJoin if the
```

> following conditions are met. All collections forming the view are sharded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
following conditions are met: all collections forming the view are sharded
```

equally. One of those collections is picked to represent the view and must

> fulfill the already know requirements with the join partner. The partner may be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fulfill the already known requirements with the join partner. The partner may be
```

> a collection or an other view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a collection or another view.
```
